c:\users\sodabi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BongBooks\BongBooks\bin\BongBooks.dll.config
c:\users\sodabi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BongBooks\BongBooks\bin\BongBooks.dll
c:\users\sodabi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BongBooks\BongBooks\bin\BongBooks.pdb
c:\users\sodabi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BongBooks\BongBooks\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\sodabi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BongBooks\BongBooks\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\sodabi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BongBooks\BongBooks\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\sodabi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BongBooks\BongBooks\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\sodabi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BongBooks\BongBooks\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\sodabi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BongBooks\BongBooks\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\sodabi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BongBooks\BongBooks\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\sodabi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BongBooks\BongBooks\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\sodabi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BongBooks\BongBooks\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\sodabi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BongBooks\BongBooks\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\sodabi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BongBooks\BongBooks\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\sodabi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BongBooks\BongBooks\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\sodabi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BongBooks\BongBooks\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\sodabi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BongBooks\BongBooks\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\sodabi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BongBooks\BongBooks\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\sodabi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BongBooks\BongBooks\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\sodabi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BongBooks\BongBooks\obj\Debug\BongBooks.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\sodabi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BongBooks\BongBooks\obj\Debug\BongBooks.dll
c:\users\sodabi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BongBooks\BongBooks\obj\Debug\BongBooks.pdb
